Document the ability to use env vars in ldap.toml (#23304)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/ldap.md

email =  "email"
```

### Using environment variables

> You can interpolate variables in the TOML config from environment variables. For instance, you could externalize your `bind_password` that way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can interpolate variables in the TOML config from environment variables. For instance, you could externalize your `bind_password` like this:
```

Reviewer 2: Hi oddli
This my docker file looks like 
ARG BASE_IMAGE=alpine:3.12
FROM ${BASE_IMAGE}

ENV LDAP_ADMIN_PASSWORD

and I pass through  Docker run , But it never changed  in ldap config file ?
Is the any documentation How we can execute or sample docker file ?. I have been struggling from 3 days  :(
